becoming a deliverer of peace November
14 2013 beautiful Blessid peace is a
sacred place a place that is reached
when you have been able to bring
together all your experiences and
situations that you have faced into
harmony keeping your behavior intact and
on the light side beautiful bright
hearts peace is not something that you
obtain just because you have slowed down
the pace of your life to be at peace
with oneself and the world around you
there must be peace found from within
learning to quiet the negative chatter
that goes on inside your mind and
accepting yourself as you are and that
every experience that you have held are
you're stepping stones to uncovering
miracles joy happiness and of course
peace of mind heart and soul that will
bring great benefit to your body to be
at peace with all that is you could be
in the middle of a noisy crowd that is
loud and boisterous and still feel calm
and serene quietness is not a necessary
requirement for peace if pieces already
what you have attained from within and
is reflected in all you do and those you
meet if you are finding it difficult to
obtain peace of mind heart body and
spirit do not hesitate to seek God's
support he will shine his light that
will illuminate a way to find peace
within yourself because peace cannot be
found externally you must become piece
for piece to be known discovering the
peace that is within you is more than
quieting yourself in allowing peaceful
thoughts to enter your mind when you are
feeling stressed or overwhelmed think of
your thoughts and emotions similar to
that of a candle that is burning and the
flame is dancing the more you hang on to
your heavy burdened emotions the more
the candle dances stretching high and
low the more you become aware of your
emotions being chaotic the more you are
able to recognize the necessity of
changing your thoughts in order to
steady the flame as you learn to become
an energy of peace you will light the
way for many other dear Souls and you
will also attract tranquil thoughts and
emotions as well as other dear souls
that are also peace-loving minded as you
become more at peace with your thoughts
and emotion
the rest of your being welcomes the
peaceful change that will transform you
to be a lot of peace the more you accept
peace and become peace the greater the
impact you will have not just in your
own life but your changes will also be
noticed by those closest to you you
become an inspiration of peace
contentment and love when you represent
peace in every motion of every action
word thought and feeling you will come
to the understanding very quickly that
becoming overly stressed is a reaction
that no longer occurs simply because you
have chosen peace the energy found
within peace is gentle yet as it is very
powerful when you are at peace with
yourself and of your surroundings you
are able to bring peace to others just
by your presence become the peace you
want to feel and discovery a world
filled with happiness and harmony it is
not impossible to attain peace peace is
already within you beautiful bright
hearts accepts yourself give yourself
the love and compassion you richly
deserve comprehend dear ones you can't
gain peace from any one thing the
attainment of peace is found by taking a
spiritual quest within and coming home
to yourself just as you allowing
yourself to breathe in God's light and
accepting his love that will provide you
with the serenity your whole self has
been seeking for so long there is no
special time needed to put aside along
your journey when you make the decision
to become peace making this change can
occur at any time in your life simply by
choosing that your mind is only going to
house peaceful and loving thoughts this
may be difficult at first as you will be
met with temptations to react or speak
in an outburst when faced with difficult
people but when you allow yourself to
breathe n contemplate on the situation
you will come to the conclusion that it
is better for all to not come from a
place filled with non peaceful thoughts
it is okay to excuse yourself if you
feel you need time alone where you
collect your thoughts and return your
thoughts from becoming disturbed to
being peaceful once again it is
understood there will be dear souls that
will push your buttons and give reason
to feel aggravated but this does not
mean you must react the same way
responding compassionately and
peacefully will provide calm to yourself
and will give the feeling of calmness to
those around you when they are able to
see that you do not allow the situation
to ruffle those feathers when you are a
being of peace you do not look for peace
and anything or in anyone because you
are a peace-loving provider you know
that seeking peace from another dear
soul will not provide you with more
peace because you already know and
understand that peace comes from within
and is felt by each dear soul you
encounter when you are a being of peace
you do not find it necessary to analyze
every occurrence in your life just to
see if it measures your value of peace
what you do instead beautiful bright
hearts is bring your peaceful stance and
calming presence into any chaotic
circumstance and the situation becomes
sued by the peaceful thoughts and
feelings you share you have the choice
dear ones to continue to bring peace to
any difficult situation or to allow the
situation to become out of control just
by changing your thoughts from anger to
PCU defuse the situation and through
peace you discover you are able to
accept and appreciate all moments that
have appeared with love and compassion
peace is an aspect of yourself you are
able to bring into any aspect of any
situation the best way to clearly
recognize the calming effects of pieces
when you are smack in the middle of a
conflict with another dear soul become
aware of your thoughts and of your
emotions and as you are able to see
yourself becoming overwhelmed by the
exchange at that moment you have the
opportunity to change your angry
thoughts usually conflicts that are
heated create a need to blame something
or someone for the irrational outburst
where peace is absent but by being able
to see these kinds of situations with
fresh eyes that have adopted peace into
all parts of your life you are able to
bring back peaceful thoughts and deliver
calm into every exchange that will
encourage a peaceful resolution you
always have the choice dear ones to
respond lovingly and with peace or with
an uncaring attitude that is
demonstrated by the words you use and
the actions you take become committed to
being an instrument of peace and share
this divine energy wherever you go the
more
you present yourself being truly
peaceful and unconditionally loving the
more reliable you will be viewed by
those you encounter as they will come to
know you as a deliverer of peace by your
serene attitude towards life being a
deliverer of peace is a joyful existence
that each dear child of God can attain
and become and so it is I am ascended
master lady nada through Julie Miller
spiritual networks com